# The Gaming Room
## Summary
The client, The Gaming Room, developed an Android game known as Draw It Or Lose It. Creative Technology Systems has been hired to develop a strategy to expand the audience of Draw It or Lose It outside the Android community. The Gaming Room has requested that a version of their game that can be accessed on a variety of platforms be developed. Additional requests include the generation of multiple teams with unlimited assigned players, game and team names are unique from each other, and instances of the game, team, or player occur only once.

## Final Thoughts
In developing the software design documentation, I believe I did a good job in understanding the client's requests, highlighting the design constraints for the project, and interpreting The Gaming Room UML diagram. I also thought that the recommendations I outlined were informative and gave enough insight to the client on why they should follow through with my developmental approach. While there was a lot of research involved, the layout of the document is sound. Each section builds on the previous one, further reinforcing sections that came before it. If I had to revise an area of the document, it would most likely be the evaluation portion. Even though the section seems complete, there can always be more information that can be added. While I didn't cover it, a topic that could have been mentioned in the section would be the in-depth security handling of server and client devices.

Thanks to the brief excerpt of The Gaming Room's description and requests, it was possible to interpret the requirements for the project. It's important to incorporate the features and ideas that the client has requested since it ensures that the product that is being developed aligns with the stakeholder's vision.

When designing software, it's important to be thorough during each phase of the software development cycle, especially the early phases. Requirement gathering describes the scope and goals of the project. Defining requirements outlines the needs of the stakeholders. Design focuses on the project's architecture. Ensuring that these three phases of development are thoroughly defined will allow the building phase to go smoothly. Furthermore, the client should be informed at each step, allowing them to be aware of what's going on and being able to provide additional insight and feedback before development begins.
